[Security][Workflows][9.5 & Serverless] Document workflow graph view (#7517)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/workflows/authoring-techniques/visualize-workflows.md

## Before you begin [workflows-visualize-before-you-begin]

- Workflows must be turned on, and your role must have the appropriate privileges. Refer to [](/explore-analyze/workflows/get-started/setup.md) for more information.
- Turn on the advanced setting that displays the diagram view. Refer to [Enable the diagram view](#workflows-visualize-enable) for more information.

## Enable the diagram view [workflows-visualize-enable]

The diagram view is off by default. Turn on the **Elastic Workflows: Experimental Features** advanced setting (`workflows:experimentalFeatures`) to use it.

1. Go to the **Advanced Settings** page using the navigation menu or the [global search field](/explore-analyze/find-and-organize/find-apps-and-objects.md).
2. Search for `workflows:experimentalFeatures` (or **Elastic Workflows: Experimental Features**).
3. Toggle the setting on, then save your changes and reload the page.

> Reload the YAML editor. The **YAML ↔ Graph** toggle will appear in the editor's bottom bar.

Reviewer: do you have to reload twice?

Author: Do you? No. Can you? Yes.

```suggestion
3. Toggle the setting on, then save your changes and reload the page.

The **YAML ↔ Graph** toggle will appear in the editor's bottom bar.
```
